# Week of 12/6/2020 - 12/12/2020

## Meeting Start Time
2020/012/10/07:20

## Meeting End Time
2020/012/10/08:15

## Location/Medium
Zoom Video Call

## Present
Sam, Hunter, Jaden, Jacob

## Minute Recorder
Jaden


## Topics Discussed
- First some scheduling and administrative items
  - picked and scheduled date for iteration 2 presentation, hunter sent out a calendar invite for it. Date set for the 17th at 10 am so that we have time for finals released that day.
  - Meeting with Austin will be on Sunday 13th roughly 6pm or so
  - Need to send an email to kyle requesting an iteration 2 meeting
    - sent email and heard back during the meeting and set it for Monday at 1 pm
    - started list of questions we will have during that meeting regarding our iteration 3 requirements.
      - Does kyle want users to have all videos on their account view on this app or just ones they've manually added?
- We need to start using freedcamp in a more useful manner, right now we just use it for our major iteration goals
  - we added the current sub tasks that each of us are working on and assiged them with dates in freedcamp.
  - as a team we are going to start adding tasks to this when we realize a need for something to be completed comes up
- We need to update mockups to account for "video playlists" that are being uploaded.
- need to add the ability to re-order videos in those playlists
  


## Things Clarified
- Taks are assigned in freedcamp as to work that needs to be completed for this iteration
- We need to start viewing our tasks in kanban view, it's easier to keep track of things visually that way.
- Jaden, work on styling and matching with zooom website for intuitive use and labeling of elements. Picker selected item problem.
- Hunter, picker issue and progress bar
- Jake, documentation, help sam with testing suite
- Sam, Testing suite



