# Week of 10/12/2020 - 10/18/2020

## Meeting Start Time
2020/012/4/05:00

## Meeting End Time
2020/012/4/08:00

## Location/Medium
Zoom Video Call

## Present
Sam, Hunter, Jaden, Jacob

## Minute Recorder
Jaden


## Topics Discussed
- Went over the Compare Your Iteraton Assignment

## Answers
__Betterflye CMS__
  - Summary
    - They worked on the beginning features of a blacklist filter for profanity on the site adding it to the sign-up forms and account information editing forms, as well as to the daily thoughts and comments text forms. The project currently will filter out profanities that have been pre-defined but for future iterations they intend to make a blacklist and white list that is editable by the admins of the site. Additionally, for their next iteration they want to make it so that all text forms are covered by the profanity filter.
  - Main Differences
    - One major difference between our projects was that for ours we are developing a new project that will be heavily based on previous versions of applications, and will be integrated with the existing site but is still separate, where their project is adding functionality to the existing site. In addition, their first iteration rendered features that are useful in a noticeable and meaningful way.
  - Suggestions
    - You mentioned not paying attention to upper case words much, ensure that your regular expressions can deal with your blacklisted words being lower or uppercase but especially a mix of the two. Additionally you will need to make sure that you make exceptions for the text fields that are your white list text fields so that an admin trying to white list a word doesn’t accidentally get blocked by doing so.

__Rating Project__
  - Summary
    - The rating project is a project for eduSource that allows different users in the system to give ratings on skill categories to the apprentices. For example, as of the recording of the video two categories, front-end and back-end, were created in the system and any users that were added to the system could be given a number rating in that category. All ratings in a given category were then turned into an average and displayed to the user being reviewed. Multiple ratings could be given by the same person to the same person, in the same category.
  - Main Differences
    - This project seems to be starting largely from scratch with no clean intention to integrate into another service or site directly. Our project is intended to be a direct extension of the existing client’s website and will interact with it.
  - Suggestions
    -  Should ratings be allowed to be given numerous times to a single person in a given category? It seemed as though a person could give as many individual ratings as they wanted which would potentially skew the average in a non-understandable way if users were not told that this was how it worked. Maybe look at having the users rating updated if they had submitted one before?

__Automated Access Control__
  - Summary
    - The goal of this project is to streamline the process of giving clients access to different video products and billing them for it. Beforehand clients had to express interest and be manually sent a list of products, then choosing one and have an invoice manually created for them. After paying for the invoice Kyle then had to manually add users to the proper video group and then give them access to the videos. After iteration 1 users now are able to apply to get access to a product themselves from a list displayed on the website. Then all Kyle has to do is send them an invoice and approve their access to the videos, as they are now automatically added to the proper groups upon request for access.
  - Main Differences
    - This project has already in iteration 1 cut out a major pain point for both client and users. Our project lacked this advancement. Additionally, the project is a modification of the Zooom site directly where our project is an external application that will be communicating with the website.
  - Suggestions
    - Is there any kind of notification system in place for when a client requests access to something? Or does Kyle have to manually check for that? If this is the case, I would recommend this so that the user doesn’t have to notify Kyle that they have requested access and communication with them directly can be cut out completely.
    - Highly recommend using the Paypal API’s they’re well documented and have great sandbox features that allow for easy testing without having to send legitimate PayPal requests.
    
__Self Reflection__
  - What did you do wrong in this iteration?
    - We did not focus enough on functional features that would be useful to our client. Instead of starting off with video editing features we started off with basic communication to the server features. And although those will be highly necessary for our project to meet its goal, they don’t do much functionally for the client by themselves.
  - How would you improve your team for the next iteration?
    - We have clear plans for functional features in our iteration 2 that will make the application worth installing and using. We also have plans to get in contact again with Dr. Ergin and our developer contact to try and solve some of the issues that we ran into and were unable to solve ourselves.
    
    
