# Week of 2/21/2021 - 2/27/2021

## Meeting Start Time
2021/2/25/07:00

## Meeting End Time
2021/2/25/07:52

## Location/Medium
Zoom Video Call

## Present
Sam, Hunter, Jaden, Jacob

## Minute Recorder
Jaden


## Topics Discussed
- To redo the UI we first need to see about breaking it into more modular pieces
  - Did some research on ways to do this and implemented a small example during the meeting
  - We now plan to call these modular pieces into the program based on what device you are using mobile or desktop
- We need to talk to Ergin about the possibility of adding a budget to our program. The ffmpeg libarary that is most commonly used does have a commercial license fee. We can develp it for free however with the non commercial license. It is a one time payment for a lifetime licesnse but we're not sure if we are allowed to even ask this of our client in the first place.
- we're in a bad spot with the license fee because we don't want to develop on the free version and waste time to see if it works if we can't even get clearance to use it anyways, but at the same time we would like to know if it works before we get permission.
- Adding modularity to the UI will allow for better modularity of the functional code as well and will hopefully improve testability.


## Things Clarified
- We need to send out an email to Ergin before anything else with the ffmpeg library
- We will be working on modularizing the UI.
- Work will continue on refactoring the code for better testing.
