# Week of 3/7/2021 - 3/13/2021

## Meeting Start Time
2021/3/7/06:50

## Meeting End Time
2021/3/7/07:40

## Location/Medium
Zoom Video Call

## Present
Sam, Hunter, Jaden, Jacob

## Minute Recorder
Jaden


## Topics Discussed
- We should all have access to App Center now we were sent invite links by Auri and Hunter verified the permissions
- Overview of Tomorrows presentation, making sure everyone knows what time it is (5:30) and reviewing our slides.
- Going over freedcamp tasks that need to be done and how they relate to our 5th iteration goals
 - we need to research further into visual studio build events for the ffmpeg libarary inclusion
 - further research for android compatible ffmpeg library
 - reverse engineering of fyre uploader app for how it uses ffmpeg library needed 



## Things Clarified
- meeting tomorrow at 5:30 we will talk more after the meeting about our feedback from ergin to hammer out little details for work this iteration.
