# Week of 3/21/2021 - 3/27/2021

## Meeting Start Time
2021/3/21/07:00

## Meeting End Time
2021/3/21/08:15

## Location/Medium
Zoom Video Call

## Present
Sam, Hunter, Jaden, Jacob

## Minute Recorder
Jaden


## Topics Discussed
- Get everyone to respond to Slack thread regarding a scheduled meeting with Austin tomrrow afternoon.
 - Jaden sent out calendar invite for meeting at 8 pm
- We recieved our symposium Omeka login, Jaden intends to look into the recorded video sent out about how to use the platform Thursday.
- We need to get confirmation from Ergin that what the guidelines for the symposium submission is sufficient.
 - confirm that there will be no Ergin specific guidelines for the submission.
 - Submission is open starting (today I think)
- Discuss group lecture assignment that is due and completed/turned in assignment.
- Discuss current functionality state of the application
- as of this moment we primarly have UI fixes to do for UWP
- Android isn't still working completely due to the problem with the ffmpeg library issues.

## Things Clarified
- Sam will be working more on tests once he gets settled into new apartment
- Hunter is continuing investigation into android ffmpeg library
- Jaden is working on UWP (and general cross platform) UI formatting.
