# Week of 2/29/2021 - 3/6/2021

## Meeting Start Time
2021/3/4/07:00

## Meeting End Time
2021/3/4/08:00

## Location/Medium
Zoom Video Call

## Present
Sam, Hunter, Jaden, Jacob

## Minute Recorder
Jaden


## Topics Discussed
- WEnt over what has been comitted by everyone since we last met, made sure everyone had working copies.
- Talked about the problem we have with the ffmpeg library being an executable that needs to be manually placed as of right now
 - for now we will just put in the deployment documentation that that's how it works, and will make it a 5th iteration goal to have it manually install
- UI changes that still need to be made
 - some form of loading indicatior on the playlist screen so people know videos are uploading/adding
 - lable on the individual video page is broken
- clipping library works for desktop but not on android as of now due to not being able to run executables
- meeting with kyle tomorrow we will need to send the video link ahead of time
- discussed iteration 5 goals
- discussed what needs updated in documentation
 - everything needs to be more detailed overall in user documentation
 - all documents need better formatting / menus

## Things Clarified
- Email invite for iteration day was wrong, corrected time and updated invite
- iteration 5 goals list and updated freedcamp for current tasks
- UI needs to be finished by Jaden before meeting tomorrow.
