# Client Meeting on 9/30/2019

## Meeting Start Time

**2020/10/22/3:00**

## Meeting End Time

**2020/10/22/3:47**

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

Sam, Hunter, Jaden, Jacob, Kyle(Client)

## Minute Recorder

Jaden 

## Topics Discussed

- Going over business requirements
- Going over use cases 
- Add in functional requirement for tagging features(clipping) 
  - Instead of the tag feature, we would just be clipping instead.
  - Instead of typing in tags we would have a drop-down of “tags” to choose from.
  
Somewhere in the process of uploading a video we need to have a time when the user fills in all the video information that they fill in when uploading a video on the website.
Check out the fyre uploader now that we have video upload access (NFR5)
Is it possible to add a file drag into the video editor other than just hitting a file upload button to bring a file into the application
Leave the timer functionality and the screenshot functionality off, we don’t need it
Add a prototype screen for the file upload process on Zooom and the data you have to input.
In the event that something on the server has to change for us to complete our task how would this be handled?
Auri and Kyle would work together on that process.
We will probably get a branch to work on that we can do whatever we need to without changes going live until they’re approved.
Kyle will get us access.
Auri will want to know how it is we will do sign off on requirements before anything else.



## Things Clarified

Check to see if we can upload videos to Zooom if not let Kyle know
Make Updates to requirements and design documents as mentioned by Kyle
Send Kyle list of meeting times good for us

For a more formatted verison of these notes visit [Link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BeBTzX3gsCiB5z0rbxZoYRQlTaKGbuLZvMxCBXWdBVE/edit)
