# Client Meeting on 11/24/2020

## Meeting Start Time

**11/24/2020/10:15**

## Meeting End Time

**11/24/2020/11:13**

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

Sam, Hunter, Jaden, Jacob, Kyle(Client)

## Minute Recorder

Jaden 

## Topics Discussed

- Demonstration of the application
  - comparison to the current app that we are trying to match up to for iteration 2 (but cross platform)
  - demoed on a windows computer as the actual installed application.
- Discussion of Iteration 2 goals
  - to match up to the fyre uploader functionality wise (but cross platform)
    - uploading videos to zooom servers
      - uploading videos in bulk (multiple at a time)
      - uploading videos in bulk with the same meta information
    - finish importing assets for logos etc to the application so icons will be branded when installed.
- Kyle asked how we managed our workflow and we had a brief explanation of the pair programming method we primarily used.
- Kyle stated that ultimately if we get no further than having the same features as the uploaded, but cross platform, he would be happy.
- Kyle uses Test Flight for IOS to test apps, this may be something we want to look into since testing ios is difficult for us right now.
  - Kyle was impressed that we had actually been building on native android devices rather than just emulators. Was glad to see a live demo of it working.



## Things Clarified

- We must make sure that videos can be uploaded together and all be uploaded with the same meta data (as a set)
- we need to consider what it is this app will be called, we need to make sure there is a distinction between it and other apps where you can simply view the videos. This is because our app will only allow viewing of videos that an individual has uploaded. Maybe we need to include an information page about this.
- Next week we need to draft an email to Auri about how we plan on distributing the app and getting access to any accounts we may need to do so.
