# Client Meeting on 2/7/2021

## Meeting Start Time

**2/7/2021/3:00**

## Meeting End Time

**2/7/2021/3:30**

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

Sam, Hunter, Jaden, Jacob, Kyle(Client)

## Minute Recorder

Jaden 

## Topics Discussed
- Showed off application to Kyle
- Talked about changes that we have had to make to the plan this iteration, why those changes were made, and how we're going to hopefully prevent any further problems moving forward.
  - Kyle agreed that the change seemed necessary (we did talk about this earlier in the iteration as the change was being made as well)
- Talked about iteration 4 goals
  - Clipping is our primary focus of this entire iteration as with that goal comes video encoding and some other tasks that we must complete to set groudwork for any additional features that would come after.
  - Went through Freedcamp task layout with Kyle to get confirmation on the tasks that we put in there and asked some questions about using Freedcamp.
- Talked about AppCenter and showed off the analytics integration that we have for the app
  - asked kyle for permissions for the rest of the team and permissions for us to Developer accounts so we can resolve crash notifications.
- Mentioned that we don't have access to creating releases in Devops.
  


## Things Clarified
- Followup with Kyle on AppCenter accounts in a couple of weeks if needed.
- Followup with Auri about problems we have creating releases in DevOps.
