# Week of 2/28/2021 - 3/6/2021

## Meeting Start Time
2021/03/06/1:00

## Meeting End Time
2021/03/06/1:23

## Location/Medium
Zoom Video Call

## Present
Sam, Hunter, Jaden, Jacob, Kyle

## Minute Recorder
Jaden


## Topics Discussed
- Overview of goals this iteration and what we achieved since the last time Kyle saw the app.
- Allowed Kyle to run the app
 - Like Austin he got hung up on the thumbnails that were media players, expected them to be more important than just thumbnails. (We definately need to fix this that 2/2 people who have had this problem)
 - Was briefly confused with how the clipping feature worked since he didn't read that he needed to set a start time and end time before he hit the clip button.
  - some form of confirmation screen letting users know that they need to do that would be helpful. We have already talked about the need to add these on all remove buttons in the application.
 - Had some issues when it came to waiting for videos to add to the screen, there was no loading indiactor that the app was doing something so he clicked the button again.
  - this problem we think may have been more due to the lag from Zooom remote control but we have noted that we need to test large videos being uploaded and if we need to implement loading icons for when users are dealing with those.
 - For Kyle is is extremely important clipping gets to mobile devices so we need to make sure that the library issues we have with ffmpeg exe not being able to run on android resolved.
 - Cleaning up UI some more to make it better suited for screens of all sizes and mobile.

- Went over what student Symposium is and what information we will be sharing about our project, got confirmation that it's ok to share Zooom's company name and logo along with it.
- Went over next iteration goals of finalizing clipping feature and ensuring it's cross platform as well as finalizing UI to make it cleaner and easier to navigate.

## Things Clarified
- Got approval on 5th iteration goals
- Approval for symposium content
- Clarified the need for thumbnails to be replaced by static pictures and for confirmation screens to exist when taking major actions withinn the app.


