# Week of 4/11/2021 - 4/17/2021

## Meeting Start Time
2021/04/12/1:00

## Meeting End Time
2021/04/12/1:20

## Location/Medium
Zoom Video Call

## Present
Sam, Hunter, Jaden, Jacob, Kyle

## Minute Recorder
Jaden


## Topics Discussed
- Overview of what we have accomplished
- Allowed Kyle to use the app 
 - interactions were much more streamlined from the last time he used the app, he seemed to understand things much more this time
- This will likely be the last meeting we have as far as functionality goes, future meetings we have (of which we are not sure at this moment when those will be) will be regarding hand off of material.
- As of right now Zooom hosts our repo and all of our work so Kyle has immediate access to things
- Mentioned to Kyle that our documentation is not kept in the repo we used for the project and that we will move those files for them into their main repo.
- Answered some general questions about installation for Kyle.
- The rest of the semester is "heres where things are at heres what we have"
- 

## Things Clarified
- Put the documentation from our git repo into the devops repo for Kyle 
- Keep in contact with Kyle on what we're doing next
