# Week of 12/6/2020 - 12/12/2020

## Meeting Start Time
2020/012/10/07:00

## Meeting End Time
2020/012/10/07:20

## Location/Medium
Zoom Video Call

## Present
Sam, Hunter, Jaden, Jacob, Austin

## Minute Recorder
Jaden


## Topics Discussed
- Prieveiw of the work that we have done so far and clarification of what our goals and requirements are.
  - Question from Austin "Does the client expect us to optimize for better upload times? It seems as though we could do it but perhaps there is a reason it's not on the current one"
    - Noted to bring up during our next client meeting, wasn't a specific request that we had made.
- Our file structure that gives us a AppSettings file for variables that won't change is good, and can probably be implemendted some more with things like how we store our API key, should consider this during our refactoring for this iteration.
- We have some concerns of our own
  - the picker crashes in android with the version of Xamarin.forms we have
    - after some exploration we have found this to be a documented problem that likely has some home brew solution.
    - we may have to look into doing a custom solution to the drop down if this is not the case
- Reviewed documentation and graded from the first iteration and why we lost points in sections
  - ensure that we update our documentation as soon as any visual change is made. The documentation should always be current even during development.
  - started a list of what specifically we need to make sure to watch out for when completing iteration 2 documentation
- Previewed plans for third iteration and plan for over christmas break
  - Austin suggested if we don't meet weekly to at least to a bi weekly meeting to keep up on what any of us have learned or been doing. We will be considering this further in next weeks meeting where we will officially decide on break plans.

## Things Clarified
- Scheduled our next meeting with Austing for this upcoming Suday to go over the iteration before we turn it in.



