# Week of 2/28/2021 - 3/6/2021

## Meeting Start Time
2021/03/06/12:00

## Meeting End Time
2021/03/06/12:20

## Location/Medium
Zoom Video Call

## Present
Sam, Hunter, Jaden, Jacob, Austin

## Minute Recorder
Jaden


## Topics Discussed
- Explanation of what our iteration goals were, what we did and didn't accomplish and why.
- Give Austin control of the app to use and interact with
 - complimented the straightforward flow of the app
 - said that some buttons could use more visual indicator (like icons) as to what they do so the user doesn't have to stop and read every elements on the screen. Especially when there are several buttons that in no way are visually different other than the text on them.
 - Paused on the media players that we're using as thumbnail placeholders, thought they may have more functionality than just a preview of what the video is.
  - we may want to consider removing these in place of actual thumbnails so users don't get hung up thinking it's something they should interact with.
- discussed the current problems we have with the new ffmpeg libarary and distributing the library exe.
 - Austin recommended we look into Visual studio build events which will allow us to take actions like place the library file in a specified path after the build.
- Discussed how ffmpeg library was what was used in the original app to display thumbnails so we know that it should be possible, however we need to ensure we can get the ffmpeg libary onto android fine since it can't use executables which is how we're currently doing that.
- Documentation looked fine to Austin overall
 - commented that it did seem a tad too repettitive (but we got feedback in our last iteration to increase the guide on how to do each steps so this was necessary for that.)
- Iteration 5 goals overview
 - primary goal is to get clipping corried over to Android and get UI cleaned up
 - Austin agreed that even if it means leaving out some of the other features we had originally planned on doing that these are the most important as they will be most useful to the lifetime of the app.

## Things Clarified
- Added to notes to explore visual stuido build events during next iteration 
- took note of change we should make to video thumbnails to be static images
- took note of change we should make to icons in UI


